Hi everyone,
I'm the Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai.
This time, I think I want to learn about business etiquette
There was a time when I lost my job,
From the start, I wonder if I can say being Youtuber is my job,
But still...
I think it a good thing to learn about business ethics.
"Do you want to appear in a commercial?"
If a high position person offered me that
We wouldn't want to be rude, right?
With that in mind, I Kizuna Ai...
will try to learn about business manner.
Lesson 1
"When exchanging business cards"
In business society, exchanging business cards is inevitable.
The most important thing during a business card exchange is...
Height of your business card when exchanging cards!
If someone has a higher position,
let them introduce first.
And then,
Do not take their until they receive my business card first.
Did everyone know?
With an exception,
There will be a problem here.
For example,  a situation when both party doesn't know the position of the other person.
If they think they're inferior than the other,...
That's how the business card exchange begin.
It's to fight. (determine who's first)
Well, it's fast if you see it for yourself.
I'll demonstrate it to you.
"Business Card Exchange" START!
Isn't it great that today is sunny?
The air is also great!
Ahh, thank you for always taking care of me.
It is alright if we do exchange our business card?
Ah, thank you so much.
I am the super intelligent A.I.
and I work as Virtual Youtuber,
go by the name of Ai Kizuna.
Ah, no no...ah
Eh, here 's my card
Oh, no no no, it's okay!
No no no,
please, go ahead.
Please...
Ah, I got on the floor..
It's amazing!
Ah, please accept this.
I beg you to please accept this.
Do you understand it now?
Moving on to the next thing.
Lesson 2
"When toasting"
Just like with the business card exchange before,
we learned about higher position and lower position.
When toasting, we also let's the higher toast first. It's the manner to do so.
Then let's test it out!
"Toasting" START!
"Uhm, everyone! This season's profit
shows that we're the highest earning company!"
"You all did a great job.
And also from now on,
To the future of our company,
Cheers!!"
Cheers!!
As expected of our president!
It's all thanks to your management policies
Would it be okay if we toast our glasses?
Cheers!!
Ah, don't do that please.
No no no no, please.
I can't go any lower, president.
Its looking good.
This time our toast with the president's was slightly weird but
But ethically-speaking the lower ranking employee must go lower so it's probably right.
Let's move on to the next mannerism.
Lesson 3
"When pouring beer into a glass"
This is also useful for drinks with your company.
This time, as I show you
I'll explain what am I doing to you.
So let's go on with the lesson.
President~
Do you want some beer?
First of all you need to ask them about it.
So let's proceed!
Our improving results
was thanks to your policy!
This part is important:
The beer bottle's
label should face up when you hold the bottle
and let's avoid the bottle and the glass touching!
So we'd get nice foams on it,
pour the beer little by little into the glass by lifting the beer higher.
Look at the foam rising!
Whoops!
Do you get it?
Until now, when dealing with higher-ups
It's proper ethique to be lower but
For this reason, there's no lowering down!
Go up for the foams!
Let's try it out!
Whoooooo! It looks good!
Take a look at it, president!
The foam is overflowing! Hurry up and drink it!
You're doing great, president!
How is your beer, president? It looks great!
It's world record!
You'll be on Guinness Book of Records!
That concludes our Business Ethics lesson.
Lastly,
I want to tell you this just once:
For all of you entering work society,
DON'T TRY WHAT TOLD YOU IN THIS VIDEO!
I won't take any responsibility!
With that out of the way, do your best at work tomorrow too, okay?
Bye bye!
[10/10 would get fired for making world record beer foams]